Baran: No, I will.
Or does anyone here think
my son and I will not be enough?
Popp [thought]: Huh?!
That's the most powerful
tag team in the world!
Why are you willing to
help us now, General Baran?
Crocodine: I can explain that.
But first things first.
Hyunckel requires healing.
All: Hyunckel!
Leona: I see.
You've realized that
defeating King Vearn
is in everyone's
best interest...
Then we will gladly
accept your assistance.
Now, Dai; you and
Baran should head to
the Dark Citadel Gate.
Dai: Leona...
I can do it myself.
And Merle; Could you
please heal Crocodine?
Right.
Popp, Maam, and Crocodine.
Once preparations
are complete,
you will take on
the Royal Guard. Okay?
-Popp: Okay!
-Maam: Great!
Dai: Leona!
Is there anything that the
two of you are going to need?
No. When everyone is ready,
we'll make our
way to the gate.
Do you understand, Dino?
Popp: Good grief.
He's been pouting ever since
we left the camp in Zababa.
They haven't said
a word to each other.
Will they be okay?
With a little bit of luck.
So far we've managed
to avoid another
destructive battle
between the two of them.
And what's more,
it may only be temporary,
but it seems like Baran
is finally on our side.
Well, we'll see if he
earns his keep, won't we?
This is my first
time seeing him.
I can't believe
that guy over there
is the one from
your stories.
I can sense an overwhelming
power somewhere in him...
But he doesn't seem like the
violent monster you described.
Don't forget - the last
time we fought didn't exactly
set a very good mood
for working together.
You can say that again.
Crocodine: Well, now
we can thank Hyunckel.
He risked everything he had
to reach an
understanding with Baran.
And it came at a very
high price. You all saw it.
Amy: It's better this way.
Hyunckel threw himself
into every fight
with the belief that
his own life didn't matter,
that he wouldn't be missed.
And after this,
he... he might change.
Honestly, he does need to
learn how to take it easy.
Dino... I mean, Dai.
Baran: There's no
need to be on edge.
I am on your side for now,
for this one task.
Until we do away with the Dark
King Vearn once and for all.
And when that's over,
the two of us are
still destined to fight.
This silence will only
complicate our mission.
So speak your
mind while you can.
Dai: There's one
thing... I want to ask.
And that is?
Dai: My... My mother...
What was she like?
Your mother...
My Soala...
She was the most beautiful.
And kind.
Kind to a fault, you'd say.
Just her mere presence
filled everyone around
her with warmth and joy.
She was the sun that
brought light into my life.
I doubt I'll love
anyone so deeply...
ever...
again.
Dai: I see.
Let's go.
Levizoom!
Baran [thought]: But
if there ever was to be
a single exception...
It would be you, Dai.
Crocodine: Good luck,
Dragon Knights.
I have a feeling they're
going to pull this off.
Do you think so?
The two of them...
I fear that together they
might awaken something.
An even greater evil
force than we could fathom.
Merle: I'm sorry.
Just ignore what I said!
Like anyone could possible
ignore something a seer says.
Don't worry about
a thing, Merle.
We're gonna do our
very best out there!
Sure will!
And besides...
Today we've got not one,
but two powerful Dragon Knights
helping us out, don't we?
So, if we lose,
then it's fate-
Our enemy would have to
be stronger than the gods.
And in that case,
why worry, right?
R-Right.
Okay. Well, Maam, Big Guy?
It looks like we're up.
Facing the Royal Guard on
our own isn't gonna be easy,
but let's try.
We don't have to win.
We only need to keep
them distracted...
So that those two
can get the gate open.
Popp: Princess? The camp
will be in your hands.
Take care of
Hyunckel and Chiu...
And everyone else, okay?
I'll save you
the clichéd goodbyes.
But, thank you - give
it everything you got.
We always do.
There they go.
Then let's hurry, Dai.
If you slow me down, I will not
hesitate to leave you behind.
Leona: It's finally happening.
I'm sorry, Nova.
I know you wanted to
go with them, didn't you?
Yes, I did want
to go with them.
But I already know that
I'm not as strong as they are.
I will stay here and
help with the backup.
Thank so much.
I'm worried...
if it all goes wrong...
and King Vearn can't be beaten
by two Dragon Knights...
Then it's all been in vain.
Still, we can't
just give in, can we?
We need to stay vigilant
and hold the line!
Right.
Merle [thought]:
How can I be so selfish?
The princess is the one under
the most pressure
in this battle.
God of Dragons...
please bless Dai,
Popp, and the others.
Here goes. It's time
for the main event, huh?
You know, I really hope
I never have to come back
to this awful
place ever again.
Crocodine: I doubt you will.
Once the Dark
Citadel Gate is open,
we'll face King Vearn.
We won't be coming back
unless we defeat him.
For now, let's just focus
on keeping the attention
of the Hadlar
Royal Guard, okay?
If only we had some
real backup on our side.
W-What?
Popp: There!
[shrieking]
Wha... Wha... Wha...?!
Gomechan?!
You followed us!
You really shouldn't have.
It's gonna be dangerous.
Popp: The little
guy just can't
be left behind when
we're so close to the end.
Am I right?
It's incredible we've made so
many reliable friends, isn't it?
We sure have.
So, you've been with us from
the very beginning, Gomechan.
What do you say we move out?
I'm impressed that
you noticed, Popp.
Well, you know,
Maam looked a little
lumpier than usual, so...
What was that for?!
We can't waste all of our
strength fooling around!
You're the one
fooling around here-
You... weirdo!
[chuckling]
If you two were ever to marry,
I know who'd be in charge.
Why... would
I marry such a...
Such a what?!
[laughing]
You're lucky.
You two always quarrel,
but the bond between you is
impossible to break, isn't it?
Nothing greater
than having a family.
I realized that when I
saw Dai and Baran together.
If I manage to actually
survive this battle...
I should find
a wife of my own.
[cackling]
Aw, Crocodine...
Big Guy...
Then it's settled.
We'll make it
home in one piece.
Yes. Agreed.
Popp [thought]: Dai,
you can count on us.
I hope all goes
well on your end.
They're here.
Dai [thought]:
The secret entrance
is all the way down here?
I guess it's meant
to be hard to find.
It won't be easy for Popp and
the others to fight alone.
We need to hurry.
Baran: Relax.
Dai: Your voice...
Is this...?
Baran: It is. I'm using
telepathy to talk to you.
I had a theory that
it might be possible...
through the resonance
of our crests.
And apparently, it's true.
Dai: Telepathy...
Baran: Dai, it's all for nothing
unless we breach that gate.
Focus on completing
the objective.
Do you understand?
Baran: This way.
Popp: The queen looks
like she's brand new...
I was sure Hyunckel damaged
her during the ambush.
They must be able to
regenerate their bodies
using Hadlar's Magic Power.
Hym: Only three of you?
Do you really plan on
fighting us all by yourselves?
Talk about hubris.
Popp: Shut up.
Watch out or you're gonna
regret underestimating us!
Hey, where's that dumb bishop
guy with all the knives?!
Popp: I owe him a little payback
for what he did to our friend.
Albinass: Fenbren is missing?!
Th-that ring bears our emblem!
Could it be...?!
Dai: There it is!
Dai: What's that?
Vearn: The bishop moves.
And not under
Lord Hadlar's orders.
An unexpected
turn of events...
How very intriguing.
Dai: That's...
Fenbren [thought]:
Sorry, everybody...
but these targets
belong to me.
Hyunckel!
You shouldn't be getting up!
Hyunckel...
You're not going...
I must. They need my help.
Stop being foolish.
You're in such bad shape
that Merle's normal
healing spells won't work.
I'll put it bluntly.
You won't be any help
to Dai or to the others.
In fact, you're more
likely to be a hinderance
considering the
state you're in.
Even if I can't actually fight,
then I'll serve as a shield.
I can at least get in
the way of enemy attacks.
No, that's crazy!
Lady Amy; where
did you put my weapon?
Hyunckel: Quickly.
Where's my Dark Armor Spear?
The spear, I...
Threw it away.
[shocked gasps]
Look, with or without it
you can't stand on the
battlefield anymore, get it?
There's no point
having that weapon!
And so... I got
rid of the thing.
Amy... Y-you...
You are not going to
fight without your weapon.
Just face the facts.
Please, listen to me.
Stay here... Hyunckel.
W-Wait, Hyunckel.
Where are you going?!
Leona: Amy... Do you have
feelings for Hyunckel?
If so, that didn't help.
He would go into battle
even without a weapon.
All your actions did was give
him one more disadvantage.
Haven't you learned yet?
He is a warrior that
fights without reason.
Amy...
Amy: Wait! Don't go!
Just move.
Amy: Why?
Why won't you just give up?!
No need to worry.
I'm immortal.
No, you're a
human just like me!
What are you talking
about "immortal?"
Maybe if you were
healed, somehow...
But not in this state!
You won't make it!
And if it will help Dai and
the others win this fight...
Then so be it.
Now move.
No...
Amy: Don't. Please...
Hyunckel!
Hyunckel: Leave me.
I love you.
Amy: I've... I've always
been in love with you.
I can't bear to watch anymore.
To see you keep
fighting hopeless battles,
to see you wounded...
So, please... Don't go.
Please stop going so
gladly to your own doom.
You're wrong.
I am not glad at
all... I'm afraid.
Huh?
The man I used to be.
I was a Dark Swordsman,
fighting for evil.
And the guilt I carry over
turning my sword against
my master and fellow students
continues to eat at my soul.
It won't stop
tearing me apart.
It terrifies me.
Oh, Hyunckel...
Hyunckel: That's why I fight.
Only the pain and
suffering I endure
in deadly combat
can alleviate my guilt
for all that I've
done wrong in this life.
It makes me feel...
like I'm making a
difference in the world,
bringing justice!
Amy: No... How?!
I hid it back in the
forest near the castle.
You see? My friend
is calling me...
...to the battle.
W-Wait! Wait! I...
Hyunckel: Amy...
This is me.
You're the only
one who knows my truth.
Thank you.
But now... You're better
off forgetting it.
Dai: The bishop, Fenbren!
Baran: I remember this one.
Fenbren: I sense two
sources of Orichalcum.
The larger one must be
Baran's Demon Dragon Blade.
Baran... the infamous Dragon
Master that scarred my face.
While the others had their
wounds healed by Lord Hadlar,
I chose to leave my
damaged eyes as they were.
It cost me my vision, but this
wound is for me to remember...
to remind me of
that humiliation.
To stoke the flames
of my vengeance.
Baran: It seems not
all of Hadlar's minions
are on the surface.
Leave this to me.
I'm the one he wants.
Bishop, if you wish to waste
the life I spared, so be it.
Your arrogance will
cost you everything.
Dai: It's strange.
He looks so calm.
Dai: Magic Power?! Look out!
Fenbren: Take this!
Kaswoosh!
Dai: Using a Kaswoosh
spell underwater?
That spell can easily
backfire down here!
Baran: Dai!
Fenbren [thought]:
The Orichalcum
left Baran's life signal.
I've got you now, old man!
To defeat a powerful
enemy like you,
I know that I have to use
my greatest attack right away!
Twin Sword Pinning!
Now I just target
your life-signal...
and hit you with
this finishing blow!
Dai [thought]:
Where did he...?!
Baran: The flow
of the water... There!
Fenbren: Got you!
Fenbren: Baran... falls!
Narrator: Popp, Maam, and
Crocodine face off against
the Hadlar Royal Guard
in another vicious battle.
Meanwhile, Dai and Baran gain
the advantage against Fenbren,
but on the other side
of the Dark Citadel Gate,
a challenger awaits
whose only purpose is to
stop the Dragon Knights.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Hadlar's Challenge".